Welcome back.
In part two we're going to add a callback function to our script here.
We're still going to keep it simple.
We're just going to have the plot title update we'll put over the text in the input box is.
Let's get started.
OK.
Here we are back at our script.
Remember sort of figure we have this data list.
What I'm also going to do is inside that dictionary I'm going to add a key for lay out and let's say
that lay out is just going to have a title and we're going to have this be default title.
So when it starts up we get to see this data and some default title.
Now we're going to do is have that title be updated depending on whatever's being provided into this
input.
Sold in the fall and will say app thought callback
and we're going to take in an output and member input is a list so we'll say input here.
And let's check out what the output should be.
The output we're essentially going to output to this my graph and the figure will say my graph
and then the figure and then the input.
Well that's going to come from this input for now.
So we'll say that comes from my ticker symbol or sees me in my stock ticker picker.
So this idea right here my stock picker my stock picker and we want the value itself.
So we're just going to grab this value and then we're going to set that to be the title.
Still pretty simple.
Let's now come back here and set up our function that has this decorator.
It's called update graph and then we take in stock ticker or any variable name we decide on stock ticker
and that's going to then update the figure.
So create a variable inside update graph called fig that has data for it.
Now let's keep the data the same.
So we're essentially just going to pass in the same dictionary.
So you won't see the actual plot itself change.
So there's a data but we're going to do here is have the layout change.
So take the layout and then we'll see that title is going to be equal to whatever that stock ticker
happens to be because remember the stock ticker is just a value being passed in here.
So this value gets passed in a stock ticker and then stock gets set as the title for this figure and
then it is going to return that present or that variable fig to this output in my graph figure let's
save this and run it just so we can make sure that we're successfully adding callbacks and interacting
for plot type python basic that pie and enter looks like output is not defined.
So that's right we still need to import that.
Let's come back up here and hopefully you already have this memorized but if not no worries it's just
dash dependencies import.
And when you import input and output and then later on we'll also import state fact.
I'll just do that right now.
And let's run this again.
I'm basically up pie.
Good.
Now let's jump over to the dashboard and make sure everything's working OK.
Here's our stock ticker dashboard.
Everything looks good right now.
Have Tesla.
So let's update this.
So looks like it's interacting with our input.
And in fact it looks like it never even got a chance to have the default because we're not actually
updating this upon a state.
The input is happening live.
So as I update this update live and since I had a default value it automatically updated it to begin
with as Tesla.
OK so it looks like we successfully added in a callback.
We're going to do now in stock ticker Part three is add in a date reader and date time functionality
to help define a data frame.
We'll see there.